pwdGen v.1.2

TABLE OF CONTENTS
	1. USAGE
	2. LICENSE
	3. TODOs
	4. CHANGEOG

1) USAGE
  pwdGen is a simpel bash script. to run it you  need to 
make the source file  executable. you can achieve that by
running the following command on your terminal:
	$ chmod +x <PATH_TO_SCRIPT>/pwdgen

now you can run the script simply by calling it:
	$ bash <PATH_TO_SCRIPT>/pwdgen
if you surrently are in the same path as pwdgen file:
	$ ./pwdgen
	OR
	$ bash pwdgen

  it then asks you for 4 parameter . a FIXED string, a 
salt string and two numbers. the FIXED string can be 
simply a name or something that your are sure to remember 
it and it must be a secret you taking it to grave. i mean
no one should know this except you! it can be your name 
(case sensetive) but try to be a little Creative about that.
yo have to enter this text twice (confirmation) to avoid any
mistakes!

NOTE: for abviouse SECURITY reasons, you can not see what
you are typing. it is like entering password in unix-like-systems.
so go ahead and enter your fixed string twice, if both matche
together, you will be going to next step.

now time to enter the SALT string. this SALT is used to 
change your password with the same parameters for each
place you use it. for example if you want to create a password
for your GMAIL account, your salt string can be "gmail.com".
now this script will create a very long (44 chars) coded
string including numbers and characters (both uppercase and
lower case).

  WARNING: you can ignore the SALT string by pressing just ENTER!
iut it is necessary if you already created your passwords with
version 1.0 of this script which did not support SALTs!

  the first number indicates where to cut this coded string
and the second string indicates how much characters you need.
you have to remember this two numbers along with your name 
(case sensetive).

TIP: you can use different numbers for different accounts
you are creating this passwords for but there is no need
if you enter the SALT string properly.

  NOTE: be aware that the sum of your two numbers must not
exceed 49 (LIMITED).

2) LICENSE
  pwdgen is developed under GPL v3.0 or later. if dont know
what it is or like to know more, visit this URL:
	http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.txt
or read the 'gpl-3.0.txt' file that should be in the same
path as this script is.

3) TODOs
  it is anoying to enter FIXED string twice everytime. but it is
necessary to check that if you are creating password. so it would be great 
to have a parameter to tell if you are willing to create a password for
a first time or just trying to recover it.

4) CHANGELOG
	v1.1
		* added SALT string to midify generated password
	v1.2
		* typing FIXED string is done invisibly now
		* added FIXED string confirmation in case of creating new password.

